hi guys today's makeup look is going to
be a collaboration with the beautiful
talented and just loving and passionate
Jamaican makeup artist also known as
lyric I love this positive spirit of
hers I'm so glad to be collaborating
with her on this video and this was the
look that I came up with if you want to
see lyrics book go ahead and click the
link in the description box I got my
game face ready so let's get started so
the first thing I do is I took a black
gel liner from julep I wanted a deep
sexy base to start those eyes with so I
applied that all over my eyelid that
took a pointed pencil brush and I fanned
out the outer corner so that I used a
fashion fair eyeshadow this one is
called Sedona and I'm applying Sedona
all over my eyelid and goody applying it
wet for a more vibrant effect and then I
took that I show and a flat shader brush
and I applied that along the bottom lash
line of my eyes I took a black eye
pencil the one I'm using is from BH
Cosmetics this is their waterproof gel
liner and I lined the top lash line of
my eyes and I did it in such a way that
it connects to
corner color I'm sweeping a matte black
eyeshadow on top of that eyeliner this
is corrupt from makeup geek
that's corrupt if you don't speak hello
pumpkin pie basically I'm just taking a
pencil brush I'm just smudging out
there's more likely if you're using
corrupt eyeshadow like I am there's more
than likely they're tons of fallout
which is what prompted me to do the eyes
first for the book now take a blending
brush and blend that out
I'm not even adding any product and I'm
using this eye shadow brush from jeweler
or they feel like this brush I'm using
blending brush a lot lately
it's very dense and it's very very
sturdy julep because of good versus good
job I'm also applying some of that black
eyeshadow very very little along these
bottom lash line of my eyes and then
find it through our mind of the I saw
coming together
aha so the next step is I took this
light pink color this is also from
Fashion Fair and she's called Tahiti
isn't she cute Tahiti is very cute
tahini everybody to this party and I'm
fine Tahiti on the inner corners of my
eyes then I took another fashion for I
show and this is called it's a light
green color my greens shimmery color
this is pure gold it's really really
pretty
and I applied that on the inner most
innermost corner of my eye ever done so
I'm going to go ahead and clean up all
of the fill out along the bottom lash
line with a makeup wipe now I'm using
the black opal flawless stick concealer
and I'm concealing under my eyes and I'm
also gonna do some reverse contouring on
the low just underneath the jawline area
and now I'm blending all that out with a
damp Beauty Blender sponge the cool
thing about concealer first is you get
to save on how much foundation we use so
I used a tiny bit of my Revlon Colorstay
and I'm going to find that on top of
where we apply the foundation using my
favorite luxuries $3 elf brush wow you
were so big pretty wearing makeup man
I'd like to continue dampening the
sponge as I work with it simply because
it just keeps everything blending so
much smoother now I'm using my Sacha
camouflage palette because we need to
set all that concealer right right
shake is pressing that into my skin with
my sponge you can use a damp one or
arlynn I get asked that question quite
frequently and people say do I switch
sponges do I use a damp tories to dry so
the stuff you can do either I was a
little too heavy-handed without honor
but you know what I'm gonna blend out
now I knew this large powder brush
I always forget to tell you guys each
other said this was from stigma it's
actually one of my favorite face brushes
this is the f20 brush and I just like to
go in and kind of press this powder
press the powder into my skin a bit more
while simultaneously brushing off the
excess I'm gonna use a powder now this
one is from makeup forever this is the
pro finish powder and I'm going to be
applying this around the Rimmer's in my
face and and kind of a sister
and then I'm going to use another Pro
finished powder the first one I used was
shade 177 now I'm using 185 as a contour
this shade is a very very wand reddish
brown so it's almost kind of like
bronzing no winds were harmed in the
making I'm using chiffon blush this is
from a mixed and is one of their and
it's one of their base blushes I'm going
to find that on the apples of my cheeks
nice metallic paint swatch only thing
ruining this look right now quite
frankly is the brows so let's go ahead
and address that situation I'm gonna go
ahead and brush them into place and then
I filled them in using my spiked brow
pencil for Mac as usual nothing new
senior folks this is usual brow
technique I'm going to use a fashion
fair mascara and such in my first time
using it and I'm not going for
SuperDuper luscious because guess what
I'm adding falsies today oh my god I'm
just quoting my lashes just to get the
shadow off right now so far from what
I'm using it actually is a really good
mask so these are little lashes these
are no any lashes from Lena lashes I'll
put a link down below to where you can
purchase them you are I'm just adding a
little fun to the look I know I don't
need lashes and that's okay definitely
fun to add variety to it this is the
dance I like to do when I successfully
apply false eyelashes you don't know how
epic this is for me
eyelashes don't usually agree with me so
this is a good lash day I'm now applying
the black up powder sublime this is a
beautiful cheek bone highlight this is
like pretty much all I've been using
lately on the high points of my
cheekbones and then lastly for the lips
I'm going to first outline them with a
dark brown liner this is dark chocolate
from NYX I put my lips I'm pretty
heavily with that liner and then I used
lace lipstick which is from Fashion Fair
I've been using this all throughout the
summer and every time I take pictures in
that you guys are constantly asking me
what lipstick
what lipstick is that it's nine times
out of ten this one from Fashion Fair I
love their lipsticks they have a great
formula I have it a little bit of gloss
you know I can't live without lip gloss
this is a mixed butter gloss and it's
called Terra soup and then I'm gonna go
back in and add just a touch more of
liner I want the look to look a bit more
lived-in so I'm taking my ELF finishing
spray and I'm going to spritz my face
just a bit time to put my earrings own
and do my hair me in my 60s hair that
I've been rocking a lot lately thank you
guys so much for watching I really hope
you guys enjoyed this look please give
it a thumbs up if you do and of course
subscribe if you want to see more
awesome collab videos go ahead and check
out lyric and subscribe to her channel
as well she's amazing and fabulous and
we love supporting other women of color
here on the tube ok guys thanks again
for watching I will see you at the next
video bye bye